Speaking of which, if you want to deal with good criminals
But I don't have enough money
You have to think of other ways
Hey, you eat shrimp, Lin Yao
I'm sorry for you
Jia Yang, let go
You still have the nerve to not see me?
That was all because he was a bitch and forced me to do so.
He threatened me if I didn't follow him
He's going to kill you
You said I love you so much
I definitely can't bear him hurting you
So I just
I will
This foot
You still want to think I'm a fool
what do you want to play
I'll have fun with you
Come on, sit down first
I'll go to the restroom and be right back
Does Lei Tianhu want to earn another 1 million?
This poor guy's life is not going well
No, I have to try
What if he's really that bad?
Then I can't let go of this cash machine.
Actually, I thought about it carefully
Can also understand
After all, I'm just a poor loser
Isn't it reasonable for you to follow Fei Jian?
Is that all in the past?
Don’t you make money now?
I listen
Say you paid 500,000 for Xu Qing’s mother’s medical expenses
But it’s a big sum
Actually, I borrowed this 500,000 yuan
No borrowed ones
You owe me that 100, right?
When will the 5 million be paid back?
Hu Tian, ​​didn’t we agree that it would be 1 million?
It’s already 5 million. I owe 5 million.
Yaoyao, don’t worry
As long as you are willing to be with me
The two of us work together
I will definitely be able to repay the money.
This is your girlfriend
Looks pretty exciting
Otherwise
Sell ​​her to a brothel to pay you back
who is your friend
I have nothing to do with this poor loser.
Yaoyao, how can you cure it?
Get your dirty
don't touch me
When I meet you, I will be unlucky for eight lifetimes.
Hey, I snatched it away and won’t let you go?
Otherwise
You play with us
How about 300 at a time?
Get out of here
I don’t want to stay in this shitty place for even a second.
As expected, Antelope's money was all borrowed.
In other words, if you want to deal with a good criminal
But I do not have enough money
Have to think of another way
Hey, eat shrimp, Lin Yao
I am sorry.
Jia Yang, let go
You still have the face not to see me?
That is all cheap, he forced me
He threatened me that I wouldn't talk to him
He is going to kill you.
You say I love you so much
I wouldn't have wanted him to hurt you.
So I just
I just
This foot
Still want to think I am a fool
What do you want to play?
I will have fun with you.
Come on, sit down first
I will be right back in the bathroom
Lei Tianhu wants to earn 1 million
This poor man is not having a good time
No I have to try
What if he is really that bad?
Then I can't put away this ATM.
Actually, I thought about it carefully
Also understand
After all, I am a poor loser
It makes sense for you to follow the cheap guys
Is that all in the past?
You are making money now.
I listen
Said you paid 500,000 medical bills for Xu Qing's mother
But it is a lot.
Actually, I borrowed 500,000
Borrow no
You owe me that 100
When will 5 million return it?
Hu Tian, ​​didn't we agree, it was 1 million
It is 5 million. I owe 5 million
Yaoyao, do not worry.
As long as you are willing to be with me
We work together.
I will definitely be able to pay the money back
Is this your girlfriend?
It is quite exciting
How about this?
Sell ​​her to the kiln to pay you back
Who is your friend?
I have nothing to do with this poor loser
Yaoyao, how can you treat
Put your dirty
Do not touch me
It has been eight lifetimes since I met you
Hey, I took it away and will not let you go?
How about this?
You play with us
How about 300 at a time?
You go away
I do not want to stay in this place for a second
The money of the antelope is indeed borrowed